Add ServiceControl.Audit/ServiceControlQueueAddress Setting (#4530)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/audit-instances/creating-config-file.md

Default: `false`.

#### ServiceControl.Audit/ServiceControlQueueAddress

> The service control queue name to use for plugin messages (Examples: Heartbeats, Custom Checks, Saga Audit, etc ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ServiceControl queue name to use for plugin messages (e.g. Heartbeats, Custom Checks, Saga Audit, etc ).
```
